Report - System Dependencies (#135)
Devops-2022-Group-R/itu-minitwit: report/sections/system-perspective/system-dependencies.tex

\subsection{System dependencies}
%
% All dependencies of your ITU-MiniTwit systems on all levels of abstraction and development stages.
% That is, list and briefly describe all technologies and tools you applied and depend on.
% 
% insert list of dependencies here maybe as a table 
\makebox[0.75\paperwidth][c]{
    \begin{tabular}{|l|c|c|c|}
        \hline
        \textbf{Development stages} & \textbf{Tools and technologies} & \textbf{Description} \\
        \hline

>         \textbf{Version control} & \textbf{GitHub} & ?? \\
>         \textbf{Pipeline CI/CD} & \textbf{CircleCi} & ?? \\
>         \textbf{Containerization} & \textbf{Docker and DockerHub} & For development and deployment to DockerHub \\
>         \textbf{Database} & \textbf{MySQL} & To store data \\
>         \textbf{Service Provider} & \textbf{Azure} & Hosting our app \\
>         \textbf{Infrastructure} & \textbf{Terraform} & IaC, to easily swap host, automating tasks  \\
>         \textbf{Service} & \textbf{Kubernetes} & orchestra containers, scaling up / down  \\
>         \textbf{Logging} & \textbf{Elasticsearch, Fluentd and Kibana} & Gather, filter, and search through a centralized log  \\
>         \textbf{Monitoring} & \textbf{Grafana and Prometheus} & Alerts, performance, response time, represented visualy \\
>         \textbf{Security} & \textbf{Snyk} & Notify about Security issues and updates to dependencies \\
>         \textbf{Source code} & \textbf{Golang} & Gorm \\
>         \textbf{Testing} & \textbf{stretch/testify} & Testing Golang \\
>         \textbf{Web framework} & \textbf{gin-gonic} & Golang HTTP web framework \\
>         \textbf{Documentation?(report)} & \textbf{LaTeX} & ? \\
>         \textbf{Code analysis} & \textbf{SonarCloud, lint, cyclomatic} & reduce code smell \\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        \textbf{Version control} & \textbf{Git, GitHub} & ?? \\
        \textbf{Pipeline CI/CD} & \textbf{CircleCi} & ?? \\
        \textbf{Containerization} & \textbf{Docker and DockerHub} & For development and deployment to DockerHub \\
        \textbf{Database} & \textbf{SQL Server, SQLite} & To store data \\
        \textbf{Service Provider} & \textbf{Azure, own server} & Hosting our app \\
        \textbf{Infrastructure} & \textbf{Terraform} & IaC, to easily swap host, automating tasks  \\
        \textbf{Service management} & \textbf{Kubernetes} & orchestra containers, scaling up / down  \\
        \textbf{Logging} & \textbf{Elasticsearch, Fluentd and Kibana} & Gather, filter, and search through a centralized log  \\
        \textbf{Monitoring} & \textbf{Grafana and Prometheus} & Alerts, performance, response time, represented visualy \\
        \textbf{Security} & \textbf{Snyk} & Notify about Security issues and updates to dependencies \\
        \textbf{Languages and frameworks} & \textbf{Golang, gin-gonic, Gorm, testify, JavaScript, VueJS} \\
        \textbf{Documentation?(report)} & \textbf{LaTeX, Markdown} & ? \\
        \textbf{Code analysis} & \textbf{SonarCloud, lint, cyclomatic} & reduce code smell \\
```
